Line Chart:

This chart allows you to analyze the trends in car sales from 1973 until 2017.
To drill down into the segments, click on the line you desire. To view the sales of the srgment in a certain year, hover over the dot.
The hierarchy of the data goes from car segment, to size, to individual car.

Donut Chart:

This chart shows the market shares for each car company in the overall car market in 2017, excluding exotic sports cars. 
Hover over the slice desired to view its market share and total sales.
Click on the slice you want to see what cars that respective company makes and what percent of sales each of their cars make of their total sales.

Horizontal Bar Chart:

This bar chart allows you compare the sales, miles per gallon, and price of the automobile market in 2017.
The chart is hierarchical where it goes from segment of car to size and then to the individual car. 
For the miles per gallon and price, the values shown are averaged for the cars in the respective category where sales is aggregated.
For the miles per gallon for electric cars, the value is defaulted to zero unless it is an electric and gas car in which the gas mileage is shown.
Electric cars are displayed with green bars.

Lollipop Chart:

This chart shows the different ranges for electric cars. Some of these cars are electric and gas but only the range of its electric tank is displayed.
Click on the icon on top of each lollipop to select the electric car of choice which will be used in the next map. 

Electric outlet maps:

This map below shows the locations of all public electric car charging stations in the United States. 
When you hover over a station's point, it will expand its radius to the length of the range of the electric car you chose in the lollipop map above.
This allows you to see if you can make it from a certain point to another by hopping between charging stations.
When you hover, the charging station's information is also displayed for you to use if desired.

Car summary Section:

Below is the general information for the car you currently have selected. 
To confirm your selection on this car, click "Select".

Uber car comparisons:

Below gives the average price for the different available kinds of Ubers available from your starting location.
Hover over a bar to view its low and high price. This will give you the range in which you can expect the charge to be.
We will use the average cost for our comparisons.
Click on a bar to select the Uber desired. UberX is the most typical uber of choice. 

Car vs. Uber:

Based on the car you selected and your commute, we have provided a suggestion below on whether to buy a car or to uber.
It also gives you a rough estimate on the amount of money you would save as compared to going with the other option.
You can change certain features such as the amount of miles you expect to drive in a week and the amount of years you expect to own the car to see if this changes the results.

